0904 class
    no official txtbook
    not everything strictly according to txtbook
    but there is reference, and most things will be in the reference...somewhere

    final = project + exam approx. 1:1
    Attendance and projects are crucial, do NOT miss them!
    submit your s**t on time!
    (yeah, and your story is on the slides...)
    (and prof even changed "adults" to "most are probably adults, if not all"...)

    ai <=> math?
        math is foundation, you'll need math for ai, and for cs overall
        but...ai is just...not math. It's cs. No need to study hell lot of math for ai (esp. in industry), that's overkill.
    
    it's ok to learn from each other; just...DON'T copy-paste, okay?

// okay, no more s**t 

    what is AI:
        everything you see in art - agents
        agent is a basic terminology, abstract of ai
        思考和行动的主体 // nkn
    
    dimensions of agents
        performance & measurement
        envirionment
        actuators - how agent interact(aka output)
        sensor - input

    // which make humans agents as well...

    ai - machines that originally was thoght to belong to only humans
    however there's the contention of "rationally" and "humanly"...
    and how it expresses..."thinking" or "acting"...

    if you're just here for the knowledge, you don't need school. Take something else with you, other than everything in the txtbook, when you graduate.

    history:
    1956: concept appears
    1960s: no significant result...people underestimated difficulty of ai 
    1986: bp and other base algos
    1990: humans realise that ai is still artificial idiot, cuz hardware is too bad.
    2000: GPUs! finally, fine tuning!
    now: mostly relying on...data.

    even though it looks really great currently, ai development mostly still rely on hardware and stuff years ago.
    The only reason ai did not prosper years ago is because there were no GPUs.

    Deep learning seems to have boosted it recently, but it's actually math & data science boosting the industry.

    要是我们都是人工智能，我们大学之前的衡量也就是那四个标准（围绕高考...）
    但你工作了，自由了之后，高考这种简单粗暴的标准其实就没了
    人生实际上也是没有这些标准的（）

--

0906 lab
    project 1: 同去年，依然是五子棋，评分标准有些变化但目标不变
    一个月后ddl
    nkn探测出来的文件上限是10mb，虽然理论上塞个nn够了，但目前还是比较想走剪枝？

    课本是自带示范代码的
    
    知乎搜五子棋
    梅花阵
    先手棋谱
    看下人类必胜打法
    （记一个开局就好...）（啊真的有点想用梅花阵诶）
    考虑一下用什么样子的数据结构

    有一个思路啊...
    是不是可以保存文件
    然后通过观察
    有没有过去10s内的棋盘文件（以及棋子连接文件）
    来确定是可行性测试还是在跟别人打架
    可行性测试的时候直接看各大阵型
    活四双三啥的
    但如果是有棋盘文件的话
    直接在现在棋盘跟过去棋盘diff一下
    如果中间只差一个子，就直接只分析那个新棋子
    也就是过去link完的棋子直接保存就是了
--

0918 tb 代课
    上周你写五子棋去了...记得照着ppt跟nkn补笔记...